Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the sign out button.
Okay, now to do this, what we can do is add the turn over via and then we are going to create a container
and we can give a weight to this container.
That is how wide the content is going to be and we can give you a width of 140.
140 And also we could give a height.
That is how long the container is going to be.
And we can give it a height of 47 and.
Then we can just go ahead and have a decoration and a box decoration.
Okay.
And we can give you a border.
Border.
And this is going to be border.
Border the hall of maybe we can just give you a caller ID because that.
Lack.
Toys R newcomer and use controller and has to save.
Okay.
The OC.
And now we can then have the child.
The child is going to be obsessed with that.
And it's just going to say a sign sign out for now at the chain of command.
Is Katrina safe and go check it out.
You can see it over there.
And what we could also do is give some space and can have a size sized box.
And we are given the space or vertically that is from top to bottom.
So this is going to be height, maybe heights of 15 and hydrogen newcomer.
In youth culture and as you say.
Okay.
You can see it over there.
Also we have this column.
We could also say cross us elements.
Cross us.
Sorry, not there.
I think the main column.
Get rid of it.
Where do we have that main column?
Why?
You can then say cross assess alignment and cross assess alignment.
Dot Center.
How did you newcomer and.
We could also wrap this test with that with the center, which had a mixture is in the container, so
it's in the center of the container.
So you can wrap this with the center with that and use control and save.
And they took it out of school.
And now we can start this.
Test.
Because so.
Style.
Okay.
And what we can just do is we can maybe give a font size of maybe 16.
And maybe it's.
Can't wait.
The board.
Okay.
And in the future we're going to make this clickable, right?
So what we can also do is to wrap this test widget with a button and we're just going to wrap this with
an inkwell.
But as well, you can grab this with a gesture detector.
And as you know, the anchor has a property known as on top.
And for now, it does basically nothing.
Okay.
And go check it out.
Cisco.